DOCAPI-7428: domain function docs. EN review, RU translation. (#6624)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/functions/url_functions.md

All these functions don't follow the RFC. They are maximally simplified for improved performance.

> ## Functions that extract parts of a URL

Reviewer: title case

If the relevant part isn't present in a URL, an empty string is returned.

### protocol

> Returns the protocol. Examples: http, ftp, mailto, magnet...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts the protocol from a URL.

Examples of typical returned values: http, https, ftp, mailto, tel, magnet...
```

real examples are needed though

### domain

> Extracts the host from a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts the hostname from a URL.
```
